---
title: Salina Health Privacy Policy for Therapists
layout: wide
description: Privacy Policy
aliases:
- /terms/privacy/
---

This privacy notice provides information on how Salina Health Ltd collects and processes personal data when you use our websites.

## Our contact details

- Name:		Salina Health Ltd

- Address:	Elsley Court, 20-22 Great Titchfield Street, London, United Kingdom, W1W 8BE

- Email:		<support@salina.ai>

## The personal information we collect

We collect the following types of information:

1. *Therapist identifying data*: Your name,  email address, phone number (if provided), postal address (if provided), IP address

2. *Client identifying data*: A name or label which you provide to distinguish clients.

3. *Session recordings*: the audio or video of a therapy session.

4. *Usage data*: dates and times of access, for example in log files.


## How we store your information

Your information is stored securely in the EU.

We retain some or all of the information until you delete some or all of it. You can do this from inside the Salina web application.

Content generated by Salina (other than transcripts) are retained until you delete them or your account. If you would like to delete your account, please email support@salina.ai.

If you are taking part in an opt-in research project, we retain anonymized transcripts, notes and possibly other information for the period of time described in the research opt-in notice. There are currently no opt-in research projects you can join.

## How we process your information

Your data is processed by us, using IT hosting and software providers. Some of these operate outside the EU, and we use them only where there are adequate legal data transfer agreements in place. 

The following providers store or process some or all of your data:

- Amazon EU: https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/gdpr-center/
- Google Cloud EU: https://cloud.google.com/privacy/gdpr
- Northflank Ltd: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1f6qam2AvHBQP9Q2FDZlFXGoaDErF9hkK/view

We use the following providers only with anonymized data, and Salina ensures they do not retain the data, and do not use it for any purpose other than those required by Salina:

- OpenAI Inc: https://openai.com/security
- Anthropic: https://trust.anthropic.com/

In particular, the data held in Salina is not used by these providers to train or refine any technologies, including AI models.


## How we get the information and why we have it

Most of the information we collect is provided by you. We also automatically collect Usage data as you interact with Salina. 
We collect this for the Provision of the service.

The legal basis for collecting this data is:

- Contract. To provide the services to you.
- Consent. We require you to have consent from your clients when providing Session recordings to Salina.
- Legitimate interest. To improve the services we provide.


## Your data protection rights

Under data protection law, you have rights including:

- Your right of access: You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information. 
- Your right to rectification: You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete. 
- Your right to erasure: You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances. 
- Your right to restriction of processing: You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances. 
- Your right to object to processing: You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
- Your right to data portability: You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
- You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
- Please contact us at support@salina.ai if you wish to make a request, or for the latest version of this document.

Effective date: 11 August 2023
